This project is an automated 4 wheeled robot that is designed to detect fire using computer vision and extinguish it using water. This robor is powered by 3.7v batteries. It uses YOLOv8 model to 
detect the fire. This robot contains the following features:
  1. Searching and detecting fire: Utilizing the ESP32-CAM with the servo motor the robot searches for fire in a 180 degree vision range being in a stationary position.
     THe CAM takes pictures of each frame and runs it through the YOLO v8 model to confirm or deny the existance of fire. If fire is detected the ESP-32 CAM flash is turned on and a high value is sent to
     the arduino along with the angle of the fire from the robot.
  2. When the arduino recieves the high value the robot rotates itself to the angle degree which was sent from the ESP. The robot moves towards the fire with the ultrasonic sensor active in this stage.
     The robot will stop when the fire is within 10 cm. This task is done via the ultrasonic sensor.
  3. After stopping in the range of the fire the robot will spray water using the water pump on the fire. The ESP CAM will detect the precense of the fire. When the fire is extinguished the water pump stops
     and the robot returns to it's stationary position.

Components Used in the project:
  1. Arduino Uno: Arduino Uno is a popular open source microcontroller board is based on the ATmega328P that contains digital and analog I/O pins and can be used as the base of a multitidue of electronic and
     iot systems.
  3. ESP-32 CAM: ESP-32 CAM is a small microcontroller board equipped with a 2 megapixel resolution OV2640 Camera Module. This board allows to build video and image-based applications. This also features a
     builtin wifi and bluetooth module. This board can be wirelessly connected to clouds and other electronic components.
  3. L293D Motor Shield: The L293D Motor Shield is a motor driver board that is commonly used with Arduino and other microcontroller platforms. It is designed to simplify the control of DC motors
     and stepper motors.
  4. Ultrasonic Sensor: An ultrasonic sensor is an electronic apparatus that transforms the reflected sound, generated by ultrasonic waves, from an object's distance into an electrical signal. Ultrasonic   
     waves, known for their higher speed compared to sound waves, play a crucial role in this process. The primary constituents of an ultrasonic sensor include the transmitter and the receiver. To determine 
     the distance between the sensor and the object, the sensor measures the time taken for the emitted sound to travel to the object and return to the receiver. This duration is then used to calculate the         distance accurately.
  5. Servo Motor: A servo motor comprises a DC or AC motor, a control circuit, a gear assembly, and a potentiometer. It has the ability to rotate within a range of 180 degrees,
     and its rotational speed can be adjusted programmatically. Servo motors are operated using pulse-width modulation (PWM).
  6. Water Pump: A low-cost, compact submersible pump motor that requires a 2.5–6V power supply to operate. Using as little as 220mA of current, it can require up to 120 liters every hour. 
  7. DC Gear Motor: A plastic-bodied gear motor measuring around 2.5 inches in length, 0.85 inches in width, and 0.7 inches in thickness is available. This gear motor operates efficiently within a
     voltage range of 4V to 7V, achieving a maximum speed of 180 revolutions per minute (rpm). Notably, the wheel is adaptable and can be installed on either side of the gear motor.
